Feature/mtm 60035/sso alternative flow (#2327)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/authentication/sso-bundle/custom-template.md

![Custom basic configuration](/images/users-guide/Administration/sso-custom-basic.png)

| Field                                      |Description|
|:-------------------------------------------|:---|

> | Redirect URI                               |Redirect parameter. Can be used in request definitions as a ${redirectUri} placeholder. If `Redirect to the user interface application` is enabled then redirect Uri is not required, redirect URI will be set automatically to the currently used application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redirect URI                               |Redirect parameter. Can be used in request definitions as a ${redirectUri} placeholder. If `Redirect to the user interface application` is enabled then the redirect URI is not required. The redirect URI will be set automatically to the currently used application.
```

> | Redirect to the user interface application |The redirect URL is automatically set to the application used by the user during login. If enabled remember to set valid redirect URIs in authorization server e.g. "https:&#47;/cumulocity.com/apps/*". The advantage of enabling this option is that any errors that occur during e.g. SSO configuration are displayed properrly in UI application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Redirect to the user interface application |The redirect URL is automatically set to the application used by the user during login. If enabled remember to set valid redirect URIs in the authorization server, for example, "https:&#47;/cumulocity.com/apps/*". The advantage of enabling this option is that any errors that occur during the SSO configuration are displayed properly in the UI application.
```
